

    LBACKUP - VERSION HISTORY 
    ©2001-2011 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED - LUCID INFORMATION SYSTEMS
    www.lucidsystems.org

    -----------------------------------------------------
    Official LBackup Website URL : http://www.lbackup.org
    -----------------------------------------------------


	Version 0.9.8r5

		Added an option to the configuration file which
		allows the warning on a missing configuration
		file to be disabled.

		Added an additional example pre action script
		which will inspect the log and determine the
		start time of the most recent successful 
		backup. If the start time is less than the
		time specified within the script then backup
		will be aborted. If the time is greater than
		that mentioned in the script then the backup
		will continue.
  
		Added an additional example pre action script
		which provides the ability to perform a check
		regarding the percentage usage of the
		destination disk.

		Added an additional example post action script
		which provides basic template for reporting
		relating to the differences between snapshot
		disk utilization.

		Added in the first initialization script
		which simplifies the setup of backups to disk
		images by generating the pre and post actions
		relating to the mounting and un-mounting
		of the specified disk image. This is still
		experimental feature.

		Basic initialization script system implemented.
		Paving the way for more complex initialization
		scripts in the future.

		Additional options added to the example
		pre-action script for reporting and 
		logging system and backup disk usage.

		Updated the example pre-action script for
		detecting if a disk image is mounted on 
		Mac OS X systems. If the disk image has
		been remotely mounted this should now
		be detected.

		Added configuration options for reporting of
                of incomplete backups required time.

		Added configuration options for reporting of
                timing relating to failed backups required 
		time.

		Added configuration options for reporting of
                snapshot creation required time.

		Added configuration options for reporting of
                incomplete snapshot creation required time.

		Added an example post action script which
		which may be used to generate a link from
		the backup destination directory to the 
		backup configuration directory.

		Improved backup set reliability with 
		additional checks relating to the rotation
		of the backup snapshots. 

		Resolved an issue relating to md5 within some
                of the mail templates on LINUX systems.
		
		Various minor bug fixes.


	  Bugs : 
            	All other bugs From 0.9.8r4 remain.



	Version 0.9.8r4
  
  		Added functionality (disabled by default) to remove
  		old archived rsync session log files. This must be
  		enabled within the post-action script.
  
	  	Provided basic LINUX server support to the example 
		sparse-bundle synchronization post action script.

		Basic man page is now included. This man page will
        	requires a great deal more work to make it useful.

		Minor improvements to post action subsystem.
		
		Added an option for disabling ACL preservation on
		darwin with custom rsync v3 installed.
		
		Various other minor improvements.

		Added a basic example post action script which reports 
                the backup completion time.

		Moved the configuration directory to /etc/lbackup
		
		Added options for the rsync --checksum to the
		LBackup configuration file.
		
		Added options for the rsync --numeric-ids to the
		LBackup configuration file.

		Added the ability to pass the -s flag to the lcd 
	   	command so that it may be used within a script.
		
		Various minor bug fixes.


	  Bugs : 
            	All other bugs From 0.9.8r3 remain.



	Version 0.9.8r3  

		Includes a post action which makes archiving of the sync
		session logs easy. If enabled this log may be used as a
	 	trip wire. It is possible to compare session logs to see
		exactly which files in your backup have been modified,
		added or deleted.

        	Initial implementation of custom per backup configuration
	        mail template system.

		Improvements to reliability of backups by adding a 
		snap shot integrity check prior to commencing backup
	 	snapshot rotations.

		Added errors if the specified custom version of rsync was 
		not able to be located on the system when darwin checks are
		enabled.

		Added warnings for unmanaged sections within a backup set.

		Added hard link support even when number of rotations
		is set configured to one rotation. Earlier version would
		copy all data again across the network.

		Added integer input checking for number of rotations.

		Resolved issue relating to the exit value always being set
		to zero even when an error occurred during the backup. This
		problem was caused by an error in the the backup lock exit
		trap procedure.

		Implemented basic checks before sending mail that the 
		destination address has actually been modified.

		Added more pre and post action scripts.

		Various minor improvements.

		Minor bug fixes.

	 Bugs : 
            	All other bugs From 0.9.8r2 remain.


	Version 0.9.8r2       		

		Added a example post action script which will maintain a 
		link to the backup destination directory within the backup
		configuration directory.

		The new version of the example post-action script for 
		generating time based links script now generates relative
		links by default. This makes it easier to migrate backup 
		sets between storage devices or directories.

		Resolved issue with Mac OS 10.3.9 installer.
		
		Mac OS X download .dmg size reduced from >500Kb to <200Kb.

		Basic checks implemented for backup destination and
		source availability for local non-network based backups.

		Added checks for destination volume permissions when
 		executing on Darwin.

		Fixed the sender address of emails. Now the 
		configuration file is honored. 

		Resolved an issue with the x-sender header. It is now 
		set to the sender address.

		Improved email in certain error conditions.

		Improved lock file removal with regards to certain 
		error conditions.

		Improved post action scripts reliability

		Added option in configuration file to allow post action 
		scripts to run even on backup error.

		Resolved issue relating to post script actions running,
		even if the atomic swap failed. This is now correctly 
		implemented and will depend upon your post-action
	 	configuration settings.

		Added a configuration option to allow lmail to run even if
		the backup was completed successful.

		Minor Bug fixes.

		Various other minor improvements to the install process.

	 Bugs : 
            	All other bugs From 0.9.8r1 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8r1
       	
		Added the lcd command.
		
		Set more appropriate default settings.

		Basic backup in progress locking system implemented.
		
		Additional parameters are now provided to the pre 
		and post hook scripts.
		
		Added additional logging facilities.
		
		Bundled post script for maintaining a directory of time
		based symbolic backup links.

		Various minor bug fixes and spelling mistakes fixed 
		(there are still many spelling issues)
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q9 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q9
       	
		Minor changes to the example backup configuration.
		
		Improved reliability of backups which are not being run 
		as root.
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q8 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q8

       	Bug fix for dealing with custom SSH rsync paths.
       	
		Minor changes to the example backup configuration.
       	
       	Various fixes for SSH wrapper.
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q7 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q7

       	Improved example backup action scripts.
       	
       	Implemented support for rsync v3 and rsync v3 compiled with 
	additional Mac OS X meta data support patches.
       	
       	Added ability to specify the sender name and return address used
       	for email reporting within the mail configuration file.
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q6 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q6

       	LINUX Backup to OS X improvements.
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q5 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q5

        	New options to allow the use of OS X bundled version
	 	of rsync for network backups.
		
		Automatic compatibility checking enabled for OS X bundled 
		version of rsync. 
		
		Ground work for auto detection of remote OS completed.
		
		Minor code clean up.
		
		Minor bug fixes.
                   
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q4 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q4

        Major Restrictions added to the Example SSH Wrapper
                    
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q3 Remain.



	Version 0.9.8q3

        Added support for a new configuration file options. 
		
		Greater control over the rsync options for backups
		using SSH as the transport protocol.
		
		Ability to skip the local system checks.
                    
        Bugs : 
            All Bugs From 0.9.8q Remain.


    Version 0.9.8q
        
            Added support for a new configuration file option,
            allowing the continuation of failed backups. In order
            to use this option LBackup version 0.9.8q or later is
            required. 
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8p Remain.


    Version 0.9.8p
        
            Improved SSH Test Support (backwards compatible).
            Improved example LSync SSH Wrapper (not backwards compatibe).
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8n Remain.

                Using the example LSync SSH wrapper version released 
                with this version of LBackup in conjunction with an older
                version of LBackup will result in SSH tests failing, 
                even though the server may be fine. Upgrading LBackup will
                resolve this issue.


    Version 0.9.8n
        
            Third GNU GPL Release of LBackup.
            Corrected Installation script bug.      
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8k Remain.
                

    Version 0.9.8k
        
            Second GNU GPL Release of LBackup.
            Updated configuration examples to use the correct licence.
            Updated the bundled documentation to include a link to the 
            online documentation.      
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8i Remain.
                

    Version 0.9.8i
        
            Included Mike's great SSH wrapper scripts within the 
	    distribution. For more information about using the wrapper 
	    please refer to the online documentation or to Mikes online 
	    RSync pages.       
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8e Remain.


    Version 0.9.8e
        
            Packed Under the GNU GPL for public consumption
            Documentation is available via a wiki
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8c Remain.


    Version 0.9.8c
        
            Fixed minor file path resolution bug
            Added initial ability to determine version of rsync installed
            Fixing a potential symbolic link chown failure under OS X
                        
            Bugs : 
                All Bugs From 0.9.8b Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.7  Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.6  Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.5  Remain (chown issue may be resolved).


    Version 0.9.8b
        
            Added option to disable growl notification
            Fixed internal variable naming conventions inconsistencies
            Fixed errors in the maillog_script, mail logs will now be sent
            
            Bugs : 
                
                All Bugs From 0.9.7 Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.6 Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.5 Remain.
                
                
    Version 0.9.7
        
            Initial support for pre and post actions
            Fixed minor variable name issue : 
                    backupConfigurationFolderFolderPath
                       was changed to
                    backupConfigurationFolderPath
            Bugs : 
                
                All Bugs From 0.9.6 Remain.
                All Bugs From 0.9.5 Remain.


    Version 0.9.6
        

            Minor modifications to configuration file (upgraded to 0004)
            Fully bacwards compatble.

            Ground work laid pre and post backup scripts default overide in
            coniguration file. 

            Bugs : 
                
                Issue with excluding unicode files and folders
                identified.
                
                Issue with error reports identified and resolved.
                
                All Bugs From 0.9.5 Remain.


    Version 0.9.5
        
            Basic backup and error reporting are implemented.
            Completely useable backup solution.
            Initial Internal use OSX .pkg package completed.
            
            Works over the network or over on a local host.
            
            Install Location : /usr/local/libexec/lbackup
            Example Location : /lbackup   example_coexample_backup_config            

            Bugs : 
                
                Possible issue identified with using ../ in the path of 
                configuration files passed in to the system. This will 
                be tested in a future version. Please do not specify the
                path of a configuration file in terms of ../. instead
                create an alias, the system will resolve the alias.
                
                The bug may have been introduced while attempting to
                add symbolic link de-referencing  code. This will
                probably become an option in the future so you
                can decide weather you would like symbolic links to be
                dereferenced.
                
                There is no documentation.

    
    